fix(source-google-ads): clamp incremental start to retention window (#78504)
airbytehq/airbyte: docs/integrations/sources/google-ads-migrations.md

# Google Ads Migration Guide

## Upgrading to 6.0.0

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

:::danger Risk of permanent data loss
**Pay careful attention to this migration guide to avoid permanent data loss in your destination**.
:::

```

1. Built-in streams that use `segments.date`:
   1. `account_performance_report`
   2. `ad_group`
   3. `ad_group_ad`
   4. `ad_group_ad_legacy`
   5. `ad_group_bidding_strategy`
   6. `campaign`
   7. `campaign_bidding_strategy`
   8. `campaign_budget`
   9. `click_view`
   10. `customer`
   11. `display_keyword_view`
   12. `geographic_view`
   13. `geographic_view_with_metrics`
   14. `keyword_view`
   15. `shopping_performance_view`
   16. `topic_view`
   17. `user_location_view`
2. Custom query streams that use `segments.date`.

The connector clamps configured date ranges to the retention window. `start_date` is limited to at least 1110 days before the sync date, and `end_date` is limited to at least 1109 days before the sync date. If both `start_date` and `end_date` are older than these minimum values, the connector checks availability using the earliest retained date and syncs no records for the configured historical range. Review older `start_date` and `end_date` values before upgrading; you may need to adjust them if the connection was configured to sync only historical data outside the retained window.

### Action required

> You do not need to refresh the source schema or reset affected streams for this change. Before upgrading, review whether you need to preserve synced Google Ads report data older than 37 months:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You don't need to refresh the source schema or reset affected streams for this change. Before upgrading, review whether you need to preserve synced Google Ads report data older than 37 months. **If you don't do this, you risk permanent data loss in your destination**.
```

> - **Overwrite sync mode**: destination data is rebuilt from the connector's current output. After this update, records older than 37 months are no longer emitted and can be overwritten or removed from the destination. Store any historical data older than 37 months before upgrading if you need to keep it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Full Refresh | Overwrite sync mode**: destination data is rebuilt from the connector's current output. After this update, records older than 37 months are no longer emitted and can be overwritten or removed from the destination. Store any historical data older than 37 months before upgrading if you need to keep it.
```

> - **Append Dedup sync mode**: existing deduplicated destination records older than 37 months are not overwritten by this connector change because the sync mode preserves prior records. This preservation is due to the selected sync mode; the connector no longer syncs those older records after upgrade.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Incremental | Append or Incremental | Append + Deduped sync modes**: existing deduplicated destination records older than 37 months are not overwritten by this connector change because the sync mode preserves prior records. This preservation is due to the selected sync mode; after upgrading, the connector can no longer sync those older records.
```
